.p12
Defines an archive file format for storing many cryptographic object in a signe file. It is commonly used to bundle
a private key with its X.509 Certificate or to bundle all the members of a chain of certificates.

X.509
Standart defining the format if public key certificates. A X.509 certificate contains the public key, subject information
and CA details.

SSL/TSL Cerfitificate
Contains the Public Key, Certificate Authority details, Authority Signatyre and other

CSR - Cerfitificate Sign Request
Contains the new Public Key and Subject information like domain, company name and other. It is signed by the new Private key.
The subject generates his new Private and Public key pair. Then he sends the Public key and the CSR signed by the Private key.

PKSC - Public Key Cryptographic Standart
Standart format for storing cryptographic data.

JKS - Java Key Store
Another format for storing cryptographic data.

.pem
A Base64 encoded file containing cryptographic information. A PEM file may consist of a private key, a CA server certificate,
and additional certificates that make up the trust chain. The trust chain must contain a root certificate and, if needed,
intermediate certificates.

.der
DER files are digital certificates in binary format, instead of the instead of the ASCII PEM format. These files may also
bear the CER or the CRT extension.

.crt
The CRT extension is used for certificates. The certificates may be encoded as binary DER or as ASCII PEM. The CER and 
CRT extensions are nearly synonymous.  Most common among *nix systems

.cer
Alternate form of .crt (Microsoft Convention) You can use MS to convert .crt to .cer (.both DER encoded .cer, or base64[PEM] 
encoded .cer)  The .cer file extension is also recognized by IE as a command to run a MS cryptoAPI command 
(specifically rundll32.exe cryptext.dll,CryptExtOpenCER) which displays a dialogue for importing and/or viewing 
certificate contents.

.key
The KEY extension is used both for public and private PKCS#8 keys. The keys may be encoded as binary DER or as ASCII PEM.

Client Certificate
It is a digital certificate which confirms to the X.509 system. It is used by client system to prove their identity to the remote server.
